[Kriem] Now that we have your attention,
let us introduce ourselves.
We are known as Ouroboros.
The clock is ticking. If you want to
save yourselves, you know what to do.
Release one man.
His name's Jake Martinez.
[grunting]
That's it for now. We expect to receive
an affirmative response.
[theme music]
This is crazy!
Isn't there someplace safe
we can move everyone?
Yes, what about downtown?
That area hasn't been hit yet!
That's right!
Gentlemen,
that option has already been considered.
We have a much more
urgent concern.
This city is built
on three separate levels,
with the Stern Medaille Area
at its center.
Should the foundation collapse,
everything will go down with it.
[mayor]
They're holding the entire city hostage.
We must be careful
not to do anything reckless.
[council member 1] Are you saying
we should give in to terrorists?
[council member 2] We can't do something
that irresponsible!
How could we find ourselves
in this position?
You said the heroes would handle this!
That they were on top of it!
It's horrible, Ms. Agnes... Isn't there
anything we can do to help out?
[Agnes]
Sorry, not right now.
So we have to sit by and
just let these bastards do as they please?
With all our abilities...
I can't believe there's nothing we can do.
No. I'm positive
that there's something we can do!
We just have to stand by and
wait until that time comes!
I understand how you feel.
But don't forget,
people's lives are at stake---
I happen to be aware of that!
[gasping]
Come on, you guys.
This is no time to fight.
We need to pull together as a group
and stay focused.
What's eating him today?
Sorry, guys! I'm afraid I must've
gotten on his nerves!
What did you say to him?
Well, I thought I'd tell him how I got
my code name, it is kind of interesting.
Huh?
The 'Ko' in Kotetsu means 'Tiger'.
That's why I'm called Wild Tiger. Get it?
What?
[Rock Bison] Why would you bring that
stuff up now?
[Origami] Inappropriate!
No wonder the guy got so upset.
Yeah. I'm gonna go
apologize to him.
How could he be so oblivious
to what's happening right now?
No, honey.
Something else is going on there.
Hey, Bunny...!
Wait up a minute! Where
are you going?
Sorry 'bout that. I
kinda lost it back there.
I know you were
only trying to help out.
-[glass shatters]
-[Barnaby grunts]
Right when I found
the bastard!
[Agnes]
We have an emergency!
Can't make you
out--
The powered exosuits destroyed one
of the support columns in East Bronze!
Sky High and Blue Rose! You have to
head to the scene immediately!
We're responding.
What do you want us to focus on?
Ignore the powered exosuits.
You need to save people
and prevent widespread panic.
I'm going with them, Agnes!
I'm ordering you to stay!
Why would you do that?
There could easily be another attack.
Everyone else is on standby.
We should be doing something right now!
What's taking so long to make a decision?
[news anchor] With Stern Bild on the
brink of destruction, everyone's asking,
"Why aren't the city leaders
and the heroes mobilizing to fight back?"
Tiger's right.
We can't just wait for the next attack.
[Kriem] We've been waiting.
Waiting for someone in charge
to respond to our demands.
Perhaps you don't believe
that we're serious...
Our next attack will be in
an hour at eleven o'clock.
We'll decide on the location
by rolling a pair of dice.
I'm not waiting 'til
then! Come on, Bunny!
[Agnes] Don't do this!
You're disobeying a direct order!
[council member 1] They plan to destroy
another support column!
[council member 2] How do we know that
for sure? They could be bluffing!
[council member 1]
What are you talking about?
The city's already beginning to tilt!
We can't drag this out any longer.
We're facing a potential disaster!
You have to make a
decision, Mr. Mayor.
-Huh?
-We have no choice...
You have to release Jake!
What? Wait just a minute here!
Don't put all of this on me!
I'll accept full responsibility, if that's
what it takes to get through this...
But you're the only one
who must make the final decision.
Yes, right.
But if by any chance things go wrong...
Ladies and gentlemen, I've deployed
Sky High and Blue Rose, as you requested.
But we have one little problem...
Why the hell are you
just sitting on your asses?
Isn't your top priority
to save the lives of citizens?
[Mayor] What? What are you doing here?
[sighing]
Listen, let us worry about Jake
and his gang!
We heroes
always come through for you!
Usually...
Then what the hell are you waiting for?
You're not trying to protect
that thing of yours, are you?
Thing?
Can't think of the word.
Uh, self... something or other.
-Self-interests.
-Yeah, that's it!
Ahh!
There's no point in
beating around the bush!
You all have friends and family in
the city. Don't you want to protect them?
Then you need to make a
decision quickly!
And rise above your own
whachamacallits.
-Self-interests.
-Thank you!
I have to say, even though my friend here
wasn't very clear,
he does make a good point.
Hmm.
[Chuckman] Listen to the man! He's
absolutely right!
[gasping]
Except he's wrong about
capturing us!
[gasping]
We got tired of waiting
for an answer from you big-shots!
I'm here to work out
the details of your surrender!
You're one of the Ouroboros?
You can all call me Hans Chuckman.
I'm here to negotiate!
You have some nerve,
barging into this place!
Oh, really? I don't suppose
the same could be said of you...
Stop it, both of you!
People's lives are at stake!
Sorry! People's lives
are the top priority! I agree
Now that we've settled that, tell me.
What have you big-shots
decided to do? Huh?
Uh... Well, we thought...
In order to ensure
the safety of our people,
we'd like you to withdraw
your powered exosuits---
Ha! You've got to
be kidding me!
Apparently,
you don't understand the situation!
We were just hoping to reach
some kind of accommodation.
We're not making any deals!
You've been offered
one final chance to surrender.
Funny you should say that,
we were just talking about that.
It's no use trying
to buy time.
If we don't hear from you
before the deadline,
the decision is simple. Kaboom!
Residents of Stern Bild,
this is an important announcement.
Your safety is our top priority,
and therefore,
we have concluded the following...
We are unable to defend the city,
and we cannot allow any more casualties.
That being said, we have decided
to give in to the enemy's demands,
and release Jake Martinez at once.
Good! Should've done
that earlier!
[humming]
Hey, Jake! I thought you were in here
for the rest of your life!
Want to know why I'm being released today?
There's a simple answer...
You see, I'm Jake...
and you, my friend, are not.
No big deal. I mean...the next time
you see me, we will still be friends.
Wait, there won't
be a next time.
[grunting]
I kinda figured this was
your doing... Kriem...
I'm sorry you had to be in there
for so long, Mister Jake. We were trying.
How did you finally
do it? [chuckling]
I think I'll leave that
one to your imagination.
A secret, huh? I
love secrets.
And I love a
woman with secrets.
[news anchor]
Jake Martinez has now been released,
and is leaving the prison in a helicopter.
The question is, has
destruction been averted?
I guess we're all just
gonna have to be patient.
[Tiger] Once they've withdrawn
their forces and the people are safe,
then we'll make our move.
It's a daring plan.
I hope everything goes okay.
It will. As long as they don't know
what we've done.
This city's still a dump,
nothing's changed, I see.
How 'bout a toast?
Better not, I'm at the controls.
You're so serious, my friend.
What do you think you're going to
accomplish by keeping me here?
The city's about to sink!
[Origami] We're well aware of the
problem. That's where I come in.
Huh?
[gasping]
Sorry you have to do this.
But I'm absolutely
sure that you'll be able to pull it off.
Of course, if things go wrong,
your life will be in grave danger.
-You can still--
-I'm fine. After all, I am still a hero.
The fact is, this is something
only I can do, right?
I'll do it.
-[Tiger] Hey, Origami!
-Hm?
You forgot this.
Thank you.
If something goes wrong, contact us.
We'll all be standing by to back you up.
Got it!
Our future now depends
upon your abilities.
Good luck... Origami Cyclone.
Thanks!
I've been meaning to ask,
what's the name of our pilot?
This is Hans Chuckman.
As you probably figured out, he's not
a NEXT, but he believes in our cause.
A regular human being?
That explains why he's so boring.
He wants to help us create
a Utopian nation controlled by NEXTs.
A world ruled by you.
Oh... I guess that means you aspire to
become a NEXT someday?
I'm afraid that's impossible.
Isn't that right, Kriem?
That's true.
It's too bad for you humans...
but NEXTs are God's chosen ones.
-Chuckman!
-What is it, ma'am?
Since Mr. Jake has been freed
as planned,
you can now prepare
to release the hostages.
-Yes.
-Hold on!
Tell me about
these hostages.
[Maverick]
Do you have any updates?
No sir---There's been no
movement whatsoever.
I see.
What's happening? When are they
going to pull back their forces?
Easy! Let's not panic,
gentlemen.
It's only been a half-hour
since Jake Martinez was released.
Maybe they're in the process
of mobilizing their forces to pull out!
I have to agree.
Our plan is right on track.
We at least need to wait until
Origami Cyclone
has a chance to contact us.
He's the key to the whole operation.
You think he's all right out there?
He's still alive. We're able to monitor
his vital signs through sensors.
We only have to worry
if that green tracking signal turns red.
Hey! What's happening?
We kept up our end of the bargain!
Don't ask me! I don't know how they think
or what they plan to do!
Hey, calm down! We need
to trust Origami.
I am calm! Tell me what the Ouroboros
is planning! Answer me!
Hey, you're going too far.
Cool it, Bunny.
I'm gonna go out and take
a break.
[coughing]
They're not idiots. They probably
caught on to your stupid plan!
Please, just leave me alone.
How long do you plan on
standing out here?
That's none of your business.
Just leave me alone.
I know I must seem to be
acting irrationally.
You really don't seem
much different than usual.
When I finally see Jake face to face...
I'm not sure I'll have much self-control.
Quit worrying about it,
I've got you covered.
I'm not gonna let you do anything stupid.
Relying on others for help
every now and then, not such a bad thing.
Hey, Kotetsu! Barnaby!
We've got some trouble!
[Jake] Citizens of Stern Bild...
Thank you for releasing me.
I speak to you now as a free man...
It's Jake!
I had no idea why I was
being released...
No one told me
it was negotiated in exchange for
sparing the lives
of useless human garbage.
As a result...
I've made a decision...
not to release any of
the hostages.
What? Am I hearing this right?
In other words, for those of you
who are still confused,
your lives will remain in the
palm of my hand.
After all, you'll do anything I want!
Am I right about that?
I guess we're gonna find out! Bye bye now.
[grunting]
Well...
Origami's still safe. Damn it,
how much longer is this all gonna take?
Uh...
What's going on here?
Mr. Maverick?
Actually, we expected this to happen.
Our plan is going just fine.
Now all we have to do is
wait for our spy,
Origami Cyclone, to tell us how
the powered exosuits work.
Then, we'll know how to
attack the enemy.
What? How am I supposed to
explain this to the people
who thought this was over?
This is crazy! The population of this city
is going to be up in arms!
-How am I supposed to--
-I have a plan to address that.
[reporters clamoring]
You'll have to hold your questions.
Mr. Maverick
is handling everything at the moment.
Mr. Maverick is?
You're the mayor, aren't you?
Of course I am! We'll hold an interview
after everything's resolved!
That'll have to
do for now.
[reporter] The people deserve a
straight answer from their mayor!
Yes. We're meeting with the press
at two o'clock.
We'll explain what we can
at that time.
Hopefully, that will
satisfy everyone.
You wanted to see us, sir?
-[man 1] Mr. Maverick's about to speak!
-[man 2] Something's going on!
[Maverick] As you all know, Stern Bild
is undergoing a terrorist attack.
The Mayor decided that
your lives took top priority,
and therefore, acted accordingly.
Rather than put
your family's safety at risk,
he decided to take the terrorists
at their word,
and release their leader.
However, it turned out that
the terrorists couldn't be trusted.
Now everything's even worse.
[chatting]
I'm sure you're angry and dissatisfied.
So is the Mayor and so are we, of course.
But shouldn't that anger be directed at
Ouroboros and its leader, Jake Martinez?
There's a hero who's been waiting
patiently to fight these terrorists.
I've talked to him about why
he chose to become a hero.
And now he's ready
to reveal the reason.
Barnaby!
You may not have noticed, but he's
the only hero
who's chosen to fight
under his real name.
Reveal my past?
Yes. And soon. This isn't your problem
alone anymore, Barnaby. Go public.
But... What about his
right to some privacy?
I know how you feel.
But there's a more pressing imperative.
The people need the courage and
spirit to stand up to these terrorists.
And Barnaby can
help them do that.
If you share your thoughts with them,
I'm sure they'll be inspired!
Please, reconsider.
We desperately need your help!
After a terrible childhood tragedy
involving the death of his parents,
this boy became a hero and chose
to go by the name Barnaby Brooks Jr.
Taking on his father's name
was this boy's way of declaring war...
War against the man who
killed his parents twenty years ago.
Is that for real?
I never knew that was his
background.
No wonder he's so
committed to justice.
And now... he's finally found that man.
He's identified the criminal
he saw murder his parents
when he was just a child of four.
An innocent child,
forever scarred by an unspeakable act.
That man is Jake Martinez!
Barnaby Brooks is just as angry,
perhaps more angry, than any of you!
Everything he's done in his life has been
in anticipation of this very moment!
Uh, Mr. Brooks!
Tell us, is all of this true?
It is. Every single word of it.
I've dedicated myself to capturing Jake
and his compatriots,
and saving the city from the threat
of terrorists.
[cheering]
You can do it Barnaby!
[crowd cheering]
This should get things
back on track.
That's heavy. He had a tough past.
So that's why he's been so dedicated.
We need to catch Jake for
our friend Barnaby, if nothing else.
It's me...
Origami?
Yes. And I need to report,
I've finally gotten inside Jake's hideout.
[gasping]
Great job, champ.
And great job again!
Thanks. But now comes the hard part.
I've got to find the secret
behind those powered exosuits!
Watch your back at all times, Origami.
Return safely, and I'll
give you a big kiss!
Yeah. Well, gotta go!
I wasn't through! [cries]
Guess it's time for us
to get ready for battle. You set?
Yeah.
This is where it all begins.
[theme music]